Complete AoC 2023 (#482)
Akuli/jou: README.md

See the [examples](./examples/) and [tests](./tests/) directories for more example programs
or read [the Jou tutorial](./doc/tutorial.md).

> So far, Jou is usable enough for writing small programs.

Author: ```suggestion
So far, Jou is usable for writing small programs that don't have a lot of dependencies.
```
